* #181: Applied the API changes in the functions LISTAGG and GROUP_CO… (#183)
exasol/virtual-schema-common-java: doc/development/api/virtual_schema_api.md

##### LISTAGG

> `LISTAGG([DISTINCT] arg[, separator] ON OVERFLOW {ERROR | TRUNCATE [truncationFiller] {WITH | WITHOUT} COUNT}) [WITHIN GROUP (orderBy)]`

Reviewer: To match GROUP_CONCAT and because we only allow string literals here:
```suggestion
`LISTAGG([DISTINCT] arg[, 'separator'] ON OVERFLOW {ERROR | TRUNCATE ['truncationFiller'] {WITH | WITHOUT} COUNT}) [WITHIN GROUP (orderBy)]`
```
